Challenge here is that we
want to basically wire
up to the search control and
do some stuff.
[LAUGH] All right, let's do it.
Now, the first thing we're gonna do,
we're gonna do engine in it.
That's not important.
And now, what we need to do is
we need to ask ourselves,
where is the initial output?
And so in this case, it's search control.
And I do apologize.
This is a little bit of an angular thing.
But one of the reasons why I
like angular is because not
because it's angular,
I think it's cool enough.
But they've embraced a lot of
things that I really like.
And so in this case, its value changes and
what this returns is let me see
if you can see, right here.
So on reactive forms, that when the value
changes it is emitting
an observable stream.
So, angular in this case
has a lot of this reactive
functionality baked into the framework.
So now we have our observable stream.
So this is our initial output.
And from here,
Let's do our final input.
We'll take this query and we're just
gonna say this query string equals query.
Final input, so hopefully this
makes sense up to this point.
I'm gonna save this and
let's see what happens.
So I'll go down here form input.
And if I'm half the programmer that
I think I am, I'll be able to type
something in and lo and behold,
it's going to show up on the page.
So i feel pretty good.
It's a really good Thursday.
From here, now let's stack this in.
So we're gonna pipe and
let's do something.
We'll go map, we'll take the query and
you know what?
Let's just yolo,
I'm gonna go straight to the reverse.
And so we're going to return query.
Why did I do this?
Split, which turns an array,
reverse, join.
[LAUGH] By the way,
I would just like to point out
I'm still just, it's nouns and verbs.
All right, so I think what's happening
is I'm splitting on the strings,
which turns an array.
I'm reversing the array and
I'm joining it back together.
Let's see.
We'll go here.
Maybe I'll do that one more time,
just to ensure that
everybody is sufficiently
impressed with that.
What we can also do is, From here,
I can map again,
I can really do this kind of in any order.
Let's go query to upper case.
Let's save this.
And we'll go back here.
And I realized this is kind
of a little nonsensical but
what I wanna point out here
is that we are piping data.
In this case our input through
a stream and on the other end,
it's coming out in just
the way that we want.
Which is fantastic.
What we can also do while I'll
leave that it for that right now.
Let me do one more.
I'll take this one off,
I'll take both of these off.
Query,
I totally forgot how to do this.
Is there a single method?
So if somebody knows how to URL encode,
then feel free to hop in and
save my life here so
I don't have to look this up.
Fine.
I'll look it up.
I'm gonna see this one time and I'm just
gonna be like, duh, that doesn't help.
Let's do this.
JavaScript.
All yeah.
Encode URI.
That's probably what I wanted.
All right.
Let's go back into our code.
And let's see.
I'm hopeful.
[LAUGH] Yeah.
And, This other stuff is spaces,
I don't know what else gets encoded,
but here we go.
Tada.
So now just imagine, like this is actually
useful to where you put in something
you need to actually convert it into
a URL encoded string in real time.
Well, you're welcome.
You can totally do that for
money and I approve.